It is not
This time
the opportunity of the room of a uncle
Or in the guy say
It is one of the ones I decorated in the room
Ex until ymt 0 degree mud
We have issued
Huh
Ward Tokiwa which decorated the front room
Dark eyes green day
Buy-in guy called Suniru and Tamiya of the upper ring set
Only the person who is putting Kosugi on the 5 front with the sponge of the body
But it was
Bracts this time
Please repaint again
A little bit of advocacy
Because it was mon so of feeling Once Deki try to do in the way of Frey
I am allowed to take video
I think that I want to copy it a little near me again
I'll take the camera off again
Shake or a little shoppin 1
You may also whether there Toko or blurred but I would like to hope there is confluence Award
What
Such a feeling around the cow
became
It was quite a long time ago
At all
It will be different
Also a little more of the white with I mean behind also
ThatLookLikeThis
Well here a little
Is it easy to understand?
Greens Toko Forest Affair
Violet and moth
Since the sand is safe but I'm doing Gasaga quickly in lightly brush that sort of a
Oh dear
There is also an arm
I wonder if the bucket and arm
Side panel
It feels like this
Neka little move
The lake is is hard to understand a little swear
ThatLookLikeThis
How many body
It was somewhere of any good to the body
I already have something to do with myself
I pulled it out
The preceding
Also around the panel
ThatLookLikeThis
This area is quite interest rate but
At last it is a policy
And I wonder if was able to bill quite br
I think
ThatLookLikeThis
In the deformed state
I'm a guy but
Another one before the transformation is the name
It's here, but I guess it's before it's deformed
2-3 Rob
Marking too much
Nothing outside the base
This also comes at a brown because I like from the sand but is Tan
Well soon
It is here, but this is I'm high or rise
Tteyuu has become such Once up
Well it is feeling
Rather than going up
Barren replacement Why is the case I'm sure of
It's also messy, so it 's awkward and before transformation
Feeling Do not want to see the deformation
Like this
so
Also
The old man also says
Clay pot
For the first time with a brush
I went to here but
After all this a
It's about time
Is it a little dark
It was quite difficult
Also When you are ready to and successfully to practice like this more
I think I want to put out
a
this time
Ha's
Air Favorites
That the second time
Thank you for Hildorb
Thank you for watching to the end again
I would like to be rude